[APM] Add a note on service and underlying infrastructure using the same schema (#6051)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apm/infrastructure.md

  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/apm-infrastructure.html
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/serverless/current/observability-apm-infrastructure.html
applies_to:
  stack: ga

>   serverless: ga

Reviewer: Should this show as GA until 9.4? Or has it been GA since 9.0?

Author: still beta

For services instrumented with OpenTelemetry, the tab exclusively shows OTel-observed infrastructure. Click-through destinations differ by resource type:

* **Hosts**: Links to the [**Hosts**](/solutions/observability/infra-and-hosts/analyze-compare-hosts.md) UI, which supports OpenTelemetry and its semantic conventions.
* **Containers** and **Pods**: Link to [**Metrics** in Discover](/solutions/observability/infra-and-hosts/discover-metrics.md), as the Containers and Pods UIs do not yet support OTel semantic conventions.

::::{important}
:applies_to: stack: ga 9.4+

> The **Infrastructure** tab assumes the service and its underlying infrastructure (hosts, pods, containers) are observed using the same schema. The schema is inferred from the APM agent name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Infrastructure** tab assumes you're observing the service and its underlying infrastructure (hosts, pods, containers) using the same schema. It infers the schema is inferred from the APM agent name:
```
Potential active voice update, if I'm understanding correctly.

**Elastic APM Agent** or **Elastic Agent system integration**: Queries ECS data from Metricbeat or Elastic Agent integrations.

**OTel SDK** or **EDOT SDK**: Queries OpenTelemetry semantic convention (semconv) data from the OTel Collector or EDOT Collector (for example, `hostmetricsreceiver.otel`, `kubeletstatsreceiver.otel`, `dockerstatsreceiver.otel`).

> Cross-schema setups will show **N/A**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cross-schema setups show as **N/A**:
```
Looks like you need another return here so it's on a new line.
